chore: add new blogs (#610)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2024-06-26-how-ebpf-platform-engineering/index.md

---
date: '2024-06-25T17:20:05.000Z'
title: 'How eBPF is shaping the future of Linux and platform engineering'
ogImage: ogimage.webp

> description: 'Explore eBPF origins, its impact on modernizing the kernel for cloud native use cases, and how it is becoming mainstream through projects like Cilium, Tetragon, and Pixie'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Explore eBPF's origins, its impact on modernizing the kernel for cloud native use cases, and how it is becoming mainstream through projects like Cilium, Tetragon, and Pixie"
```
